docs: add setting "upgrade-responder-url" to v1.8.1 and v1.9.0 (#1059)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.8.1/references/settings.md

Upgrade Checker will check for a new Longhorn version periodically. When there is a new version available, it will notify the user in the Longhorn UI.

#### Upgrade Responder URL

> Default: `https://longhorn-upgrade-responder.rancher.io/v1/checkupgrade`

> Upgrade responder will notify users the available versions of Longhorn for upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Upgrade Responder sends a notification whenever a new Longhorn version that you can upgrade to becomes available.
```

Author: Updated. Thank you.
